annot: boil 3 eggs with water
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] 3 eggs (-1)
[PP, food, with] water (-1)
annot: Boil some water in a large pot with konbu
ACTID: 1
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] some water (-1)
[PP, food, in] a large pot with konbu (-1)
annot: Chop aburage into cubes
ACTID: 2
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] aburage (-1)
[PP, other, into] cubes (-1)
annot: boil some tofu and dry shitake in water
ACTID: 3
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] some tofu (2), dry shitake in water (-1)
annot: Drain the eggs
ACTID: 4
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the eggs (0)
annot: peel
ACTID: 5
PRED: peel
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: slice
ACTID: 6
PRED: slice
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: set aside
ACTID: 7
PRED: set
[PP, food, ] (6)
annot: Boil the udon noodles in another pot
ACTID: 8
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] the udon noodles (-1)
[PP, location, in] another pot (-1)
annot: remove konbu
ACTID: 9
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] konbu (1)
annot: add 1 cup bonito flakes
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1 cup bonito flakes (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: Remove the bonito shavings
ACTID: 11
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the bonito shavings (10)
annot: put the dashi to a pan
ACTID: 12
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the dashi (11)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: cut 1 chicken breast to bite size pieces
ACTID: 13
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] 1 chicken breast (-1)
[PP, other, to] bite size pieces (-1)
annot: Add 1/4 cup of soy sauce, 2 spoon of vinegar and 1 spoon of sugar to the dashi
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] 1/4 cup of soy sauce (-1), 2 spoon of vinegar (-1), 1 spoon of sugar (-1)
[PP, food, to] the dashi (12)
annot: Put the chicken pieces, tofu and shitake in the dashi
ACTID: 15
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the chicken pieces (13), tofu (3), shitake (3)
[PP, food, in] the dashi (14)
annot: keep boiling
ACTID: 16
PRED: keep
[PP, food, ] (16)
annot: Put the eggs, udon noodles
ACTID: 17
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the eggs (7), udon noodles (8)
[PP, food, ] (16)
annot: chopped fresh green onions to the dashi to serve
ACTID: 18
PRED: chop
[DOBJ, food] fresh green onions (-1)
[PP, food, to] the dashi (17)